alright guys here we go
this party the final video for this
build everything is Ian and working like
a champ so should be a once over here of
the whole system
everything fit relatively well I had
plans of running this return hose out
the back of the case and up and through
here but that did not work out just
because of wires and these things are a
pain in the ass because you know you
don't realize how many wires you have
until you actually start putting
together your computer but it's uh I did
the best I could
it's tough sometimes you get these
things to bend and rout the way you want
but I do the best to keep this as clean
as I possibly could I'll show you the
back side here
lots and lots of wires one thing that
really irritates me of these things um I
can understand the reasoning for putting
them you know with daisy chain knees
like this but honestly I would love to
see some kind of an option that comes
with just you know one on the end and
then maybe you said it two and then
three so you can just kind of choose
depending on what you wanted to do try
to keep her as tight as possible
something that I was not aware of but
I'm now and can tell you guys about is
if you plan on installing an SSD in one
of these cases and you're going to do
this mod you actually chop off the
bottom this is actually supposed to be
mounted down here and the tops will seat
mounted up here so I had kind of a guy
over that up in there but it's in there
good everything should work like a champ
so as far as the system build goes this
will be the last video I do plan on
overclocking this so I'll do some
overclock videos and then give you some
temp videos as well for that Swift tech
pump waterblock combo just kind of give
you guys an idea of what it can do so I
will catch you in the next video laters